OSDOCS-13044 noting support for BYO private hosted zone for GCP XPN (#86739)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-shared-vpc.adoc

* You have a GCP host project which contains a shared VPC network.
* You xref:../../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-account.adoc#installing-gcp-account[configured a GCP project] to host the cluster. This project, known as the service project, must be attached to the host project. For more information, see link:https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/provisioning-shared-vpc#create-shared[Attaching service projects in the GCP documentation].
* You have a GCP service account that has the xref:../../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-account.adoc#minimum-required-permissions-ipi-gcp-xpn_installing-gcp-account[required GCP permissions] in both the host and service projects.

> * If you want to use a private hosted zone, you created one with the DNS name `cluster-name.baseDomain.`, for example `testCluster.example.com.`. If you do not create a private hosted zone, the installation program will provision one automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you would like to use a private hosted zone created prior to the installation, then it must follow the domain name pattern `cluster-name.baseDomain.`, for example `testCluster.example.com.`. If you do not create a private hosted zone, the installation program will provision one automatically.
```

> * If you want to provide your own private hosted zone, you created one in the service project following the DNS pattern `cluster-name.baseDomain.`, for example `testCluster.example.com.`. The private hosted zone must be bound to the VPC in the host project. For more information about cross-project binding, see link:https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/zones/cross-project-binding[Create a zone with cross-project binding] (Google documentation). If you do not provide a private hosted zone, the installation program will provision one automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you want to provide your own private hosted zone, you must have created one in the service project by following the `cluster-name.baseDomain.` DNS pattern, for example `testCluster.example.com.`. The private hosted zone must be bound to the VPC in the host project. For more information about cross-project binding, see link:https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/zones/cross-project-binding[Create a zone with cross-project binding] (Google documentation). If you do not provide a private hosted zone, the installation program will provision one automatically.
```
- Let me know if my revision isn't quite right. I stumbled a bit over the change in tenses from "If you want..." to "you created".
